---
layout: post
title: Thanks, Dublin, I'm Grand
---
> **Grand** is used to mean *fine* in Ireland. 

## Even the customs agent was chatty and pleasant.

Our first impression of Irish people was extremely positive. The customs agent in the Dublin airport chatted us up about our semester abroad in Madrid - told us we'd picked the best country to study in, (for weather reasons). The girl who worked the midnight shift at the bus stand *loved* her job, happily chatting with customers and waving at and calling by name each bus driver that pulled through.

We stayed at an Airbnb on the same street that Oscar Wilde was born on (as a Donut shop next door proudly informed us). Our building had an interesting interior courtyard.

The second thing that struck us, after just how nice everyone was to us, was that everyone spoke English. The signs were all mixed Gaelic and English, but the former was mostly there for historical purposes - the default language was English. We haven't been in a country where that was the case since January. 

The reason we came to Ireland was to visit our friend Vyshnavi. She is studying abroad, just like we are. After spending her whole life in Massachussets, she has made her bid for freedom, spending this semester in Ireland, and as we just found out, spending her next one on co-op in Japan.

The next morning I spend a while fiddling with my phone, trying to get data to work in Dublin. I had bought an international SIM card with the goal of being able to use it in a large number of countries. Normally, I would chat up support the night before a trip, and they would tell me how to configure my phone for the next country. I had forgotten to do this for Ireland, so I needed to do a good amount of trial and error to be able to communicate with Vyshnavi. 

Turned out that she too, had phone issues, since she gave her phone to her roommate to use on her trip. We managed to get in touch though, and soon she was on a bus from her campus to the center of Dublin. We started walking to intercept her. We rounded Trinity College Campus and spent a while in a souvenir store. She found us there, and we kept walking to the river Liffey, which divides the city into a North and South half.

# River pictures

Vyshnavi, the ultimate tour guide, described the city to us as we walked. She told us that historically, the North side is more industrial, while the South side is more "posh" (We found that a lot of Dubliners use that word). We walked to the Temple Bar district, and had some potato pie. We also tried her favorite gelatto place. All the while she filled us in on the state of things in Ireland. They were in the middle of fierce debates and campaigning leading up to a referendum on the legality of abortion. They had recently won an international rugby tournament - V had watched it all happen from a pub.

That evening we met up with my friend Sander and his friend Aron. Both are students at The Dublin Institute of Technology - School of Culinary Arts. They had both spent a good chunk of last year near Boston doing practical training in kitchens. I had met Sander on the ferry to the Boston harbor islands. He had struck me as incredibly friendly, and we had become good friends before he left for home. 

Sander and Aron met us by the Stephen's Green Shopping Center, and spent the next several hours walking across town with us in search of a place to eat, telling us about life in Ireland - how the police don't have guns, and how nice the people are. Everywhere was packed. We finally found a pizza place where we could eat in peace.

The next day, we had some quintessential Dublin weather as we ate breakfast under the rain at a Crepe place near Trinity College. We hopped on a bus (after a pleasant chat with a local elderly homeless man) and made our way out west to the Guinness Storehouse - one of the main tourist attractions of Dublin. 

Arthur Guinness made a brewery at St. James Gate in West Dublin in 1759. As the story goes, he signed a 9,000 year lease, and spent his life coming up with the perfect beer recipe (and the most efficient way to produce it). 

The complex itself reminds me of the Hershey factory in Pennsylvania. It's a giant building (the tallest in Dublin), and the tall-ceiling'd floors are filled from floor to ceiling with hype - extolling the wonderful taste and uniqueness and *Irishness* of Guiness beer. None of us really enjoy any beer. We tried some Guinness, and were not converted. What made the trip worth it, aside from providing us a warm shelter from the rain, were the views of Dublin from the top. 

# Picture from top of Guinness tower

After the visit, we returned to the center of Dublin and walked out as far east as we could. Dublin's tech district includes big names like HubSpot and Google. We found beautiful little canals, and a military ship stationed at the end of the River Liffey. We also found a statue of Oscar Wilde lounging on a rock in the park.

