---
layout: post
title: Obrigado, Lisboa!
---

> **Obrigado** means "Thanks!" in Portuguese

## "New Haven isn't 'Abroad' by any measure"

the Megabus driver named Leo remarked to me as we stood waiting for the last missing passenger on the list. My mom had just dropped me off at Union Station, and my adventure had just begun. I assured him that my final destination was not New Haven, nor even Boston, which was the destination of that bus. 

"Madrid!" he exclaimed. "Know any Spanish? Un poquito? Do you like mofongo?" He continued to list foods that were Puerto Rican or Mexican, but certainly not from Spain.

I explained that I had in fact never taken a Spanish class, that my whole knowledge of the language came from a couple introductory lessons from my girlfriend, and a handful of Spanish videos online. Not to mention a failed attempt to "throw myself into it" by reading a book where I needed the dictionary for every single word. I covered two pages in three months. I also confessed I had never tried any of those foods, but that I would love to when given the chance.

The prospect of a new world was exciting: new people to meet, and a new language with which to speak to them. This would also be the furthest I'd ever lived from home, having moved barely two hours from New Haven to Boston for college. I would be living with my girlfriend, Michelle, and we had never spent quite this much time together before. 

# TODO
- Boston
  - Meeting up
  - Friends
  - Airport
  - Flight
  
- Arriving in Lisbon
  - Finding the hostel
  - Castle Sao Jorge
  
- Days in Lisbon
  - TILE
  - Sintra

- Arriving in Madrid
  - Stripping russian doll

- Orientation for International Students
- Searching for Soccer and Guitar
- Retiro Park
- Rosa and Carmen in the cafeteria

- Selfie in train for front page

- T3CHFest

- Ocho de Marzo
