---
layout: post
title: Hasta Luego, EEUU
---

> **EEUU** stands for "Estados Unidos" meaning the United States. "Hasta Luego"
> translates as "See you later!" In Madrid, many people pronounce "Luego" as "Logo."

## "I hate to break it to you, but New Haven isn't 'Abroad'"

the Megabus driver named Leo remarked to me as we stood waiting for the last missing passenger on the list. My mom had just dropped me off at Union Station, and my adventure had just begun. I assured him that my final destination was not New Haven, nor even Boston, which was the destination of that bus. 

"Madrid!" he exclaimed. "Know any Spanish? Un poquito? Do you like mofongo?" He continued to list foods that were Puerto Rican or Mexican, but certainly not from Spain.

I explained that I had in fact never taken a Spanish class, that my whole knowledge of the language came from a couple introductory lessons from my girlfriend, and a handful of Spanish videos online. Not to mention a failed attempt to "throw myself into it" by reading a book where I needed the dictionary for every single word. I covered two pages in three months. I also confessed I had never tried any of those foods, but that I would love to when given the chance.

The prospect of a new world was exciting: new people to meet, and a new language with which to speak to them. This would also be the furthest I'd ever lived from home, having moved barely two hours from New Haven to Boston for college. I would be living with my girlfriend, Michelle, and we had never spent quite this much time together before. 

After meeting up with my good friend Pavel for lunch in the seaport district and hearing his thoughts on language acquisition and living far from home (both subjects he is very familiar with), I made my way to Northeastern campus on the Orange Line. I found Michelle in the Curry Student Center where we compared how much stuff we had each deemed necessary for 4 months away. She had packed one large and one small suitcase, while I had brought one medium one and a backpack. We schlepped our things over to West Village G, and parted ways to go visit our respective friends. 

I met with my friend Thien for a quick programming session for the MIT Battlecode competition, then went out to dinner with my friend Mahmoud. We went to Chipotle, which was a chain that I won't see for several months. We ended up at the place of my former roommates Dustin and Alex, and I learned about Dustin's co-op.

The next morning I met with my guitar teacher, Professor Robert Ward, to solicit his advice about my trip. He told me to remember that I'm not only going to study, and that I should take the time to explore the country. He gave me two names to look out for as far as guitar stores: José Ramirez and Manuel Rodriguez.

After getting lunch with Thien and my friend James, Michelle and I grabbed our things and made our cumbersome way to the airport.

# PICTURE OF ME AT WAHLBURGERS

After a 'murican meal of a burger at Wahlburgers, we boarded our plane and settled in for the long flight to Lisbon.

# 547 words

- Boston
  - [ ] Meeting up with T
  - [ ] Mahmoud
  - [ ] Dustin/Alex
  - [ ] James

  - Airport (Wahlburgers)
  - Flight (Free wine)

# TODO

- Arriving in Lisbon
  - Finding the hostel
  - Castle Sao Jorge
  
- Days in Lisbon
  - TILE
  - Sintra

- Arriving in Madrid
  - Stripping russian doll

- Orientation for International Students
- Searching for Soccer and Guitar
- Retiro Park
- Rosa and Carmen in the cafeteria

